[CN-1100]: add notes about helm-to-operator and operator-to-operator upgrade scenarios (#257)
hazelcast/hazelcast-platform-operator-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/migrating-from-helm.adoc

= Migrating From Helm Chart to the Operator

Unfortunately there isn't any way to migrate without re-creating the cluster as the Operator needs to take control of the custom resources which were created by the Helm chart, which it is not possible.

There are two ways to migrate from a cluster that is created by the Hazelcast Helm Chart.

> WARNING: For both solutions to work, `persistence` must be enabled. You should also set `cluster-data-recovery-policy` parameter's value to `PARTIAL_RECOVERY_MOST_COMPLETE` to avoid any issues during restore process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: For either solution to work, `persistence` must be enabled. You should also set the `cluster-data-recovery-policy` parameter's value to `PARTIAL_RECOVERY_MOST_COMPLETE` to avoid any issues during the restore process.
```
